All right.
So hopefully you have already downloaded the ulama within your local machine and you have installed
it.
So which is great.
And if you have not please go ahead and do it again, because that is something required for our next
discussion that we are going to be doing in this particular lecture.
So as you can see over here, I can choose the model that I wanted to run within my local machine.
So I can choose 7 billion parameter or 8 billion parameters, 14 billion parameter, 32 billion parameter,
all the way up to seven 671 billion parameter.
Within my machine, you see that there is a drop down over here.
It's going to show you the size of this particular parameter and the model.
So 7 billion parameter has got 4.7 gig.
And if you see 671 billion parameter it is 404 GB that you have to have within your machine.
I'm telling you based on the parameter, the complexity of the transformer model increases and based
on the complexity, it also increases the the processing power.
And also you need to have quite a lot of quantization execution support.
So you can see that for a 7 billion parameter I have the model over here.
And you see that the model has got a quantization version of two.
And it also has got the the total headcount over here which is 28.
So totally it's going to have 28 different types of headcounts like classifications that it's going
to support in this particular model.
And it also has got a label of 7 billion because it's a 7 billion parameter.
And the same thing is going to keep changing based on the type of parameter they're going to choose.
For instance, if you're going to choose like 671 billion parameter.
And if you choose this one over here, you see the number of headcounts might have increased quite a
lot this time.
So the headcount right now is 128 as opposed to 14 it was before.
And the headcount kV is also 128.
So it is going to support quite a lot of different classifications.
While you're going to be using this particular model within your machine.
And also the size is also increases based on that the quantization increases.
And if the quantization increases, obviously you need to have a lot of GPU power, CPU power, Ram
power within your machine.
I will say most of our machines are not really built to run this 671 billion parameter or 70 billion
parameter and even 32 billion parameter we can probably limit until 14 billion or 8 billion at the max.
And I'm using Apple M1 Max machine over here.
And I have got 64 GB of memory and it is quite good in the inferencing.
So I'm just going to use this particular machine.
But if you have uh, a windows machine or same kind of machine.
So probably we can just limit with the eight GB.
And if you don't really have a powerful machine, I will recommend you to use a lower version of the
parameter.
But the more lower parameter that you use in the model, the less predictable output that you can actually
get out from the particular model, because the model really doesn't perform quite well if you use smaller
model within your local machine.
So either try to get a GPU for that matter, like 2080 or 30 80 or 40, 90, 40, 90 is going to be
very costly for you for sure.
3080 at least max, or maybe 2080 if you just get any of these Nvidia graphics card within the machine,
you can probably use that.
And then you can try to run whatever that we're going to be discussing in this particular course.
But as I said, that's about it.
That's the thing that we are going to be using within our machine, and we'll see how we can.
Download this particular model and then how we can work with it.
So that is how you can understand how these models are really working behind the scene.
So if I choose any other model, not just the deep sea, let's say a llama 3.3, they also have got
like 70 billion parameter, as you can see over here.
And if I'm going to choose some other models like you see that llama 3.1, there is a 405 billion parameter,
which is 243 GB of storage itself.
And it is going to, uh, it's going to have quite a lot of different operations that you are going
to be doing over there.
And let's see what is the total headcount that I have got like 128 headcount, as you can see over here.
And the headcount cave is just eight, whereas in deep sea it was 128 as you know.
So yeah, it depends upon the model.
The things are going to keep changing and also the complexity changes.
And so is your machine's performance reduces based on the type of parameter and the model that you really
use.
Well, as I said in our next lecture, we are going to see how we can start using any one of the models
in our local machine and also try to play around with that.